In this concept, we'll go over intensely how to integrate Kafka and Spark streaming.
We'll take a closer look at which Spark classes and API's that we'll be using.
Kafka source provider is the underlying class we'll use and it is
the provider for the streaming data source for Kafka source.
Kafka source provider requires these options; subscribe,
subscribepattern, or assign, and Kafka.bootstrap.server.
This sounds difficult in words,
but in code it's simply format of Kafka and subscribing to a topic name here,
and subscribing to a Bootstrap server, usually,
we'll be using for localhost and a port number for the topic.
Kafka source providers sets the properties for Kafka consumers and executors.
This is why we don't create separate consumer modules for
Kafka producer when we integrate Kafka and Spark.